Update SEO (#105)
OpenLiberty/guide-microprofile-rest-client: README.adoc

:page-permalink: /guides/{projectid}
:page-related-guides: ['rest-intro', 'cdi-intro', 'microprofile-config']
:common-includes: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OpenLiberty/guides-common/master

> :page-seo-title: Consuming RESTful microservices with template interfaces using MicroProfile Rest Client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:page-seo-title: Consuming RESTful microservices with template interfaces using Eclipse MicroProfile Rest Client
```

> :page-seo-description: A tutorial on how to consume RESTful Java microservices and instantiate the client with either Context and Dependency Injection (CDI) or RestClientBuilder from MicroProfile Rest Client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:page-seo-description: A getting started tutorial and example on how to consume RESTful Java microservices using template interfaces and Context and Dependency Injection (CDI) or a builder with MicroProfile Rest Client.
```
